Dad..tell me a story dad.
Story..?
Which one did I say last time?
Abhminayu-Sasirekha...
What should I say now..?
-Dear, shall I tell you a good story?
-Yeah..tell..
Ok. Once upon a time, there was a saint
called Kanva Maharshi.
He raised a girl named Shakuntala,
like his own Daughter.
Kanva Maharshi likes Shakuntala a lot.
She was his life.
Shakuntala also likes Kanva Maharshi a lot..
So, are they like us..!?
Yeah dear..like us only..like us only..ok?
As time passed by, one day, a king named
Dushyantha Maharaj..
..visited Kanva Maharshi's ashram.
Despite of feeling very sad as a father,
Kanva Maharshi sent Shakuntala away.
Why did he send her away then..?
He could've kept both of them
with him only right..?
[satirically]Yeah..right..
Didn't I come leaving my father after marriage?
It's the same with you too. After marriage,
you also should leave your father and go away.
-[irritated]Akhila! Akhila!
-It's almost school time, wake up!
-Let her..Let her sleep..
Why are you doing her homework daily?
-Will you go to school and write exams for her?
-How can she complete so much homework? Poor girl..
-Wake her up! Take her to school.
-You go..you go..
-You are pampering her too much.
-I'll wake her up.
I can't take this anymore.
Aunty, at least you tell them..
..it's getting late.
Take her school bag and you go sit in her class.
-Mom, reduce your voice..she's asleep..
-You won't let her do homework..
..won't let her wake up early..
I seriously doubt if you would
send her away after marriage.
-I won't send her away..
-Don't..!
Keep her with you only.
This is 11th time you are late to
school this month, you know?
If all students are coming on time,
why you alone are coming late?
Ok, you go to class.
Mr. Arun Prasad, I've written many times in diary..
complained to you..
Being a lecturer, why are you letting her get late?
Early morning 8:30 am...is getting too tough
for my daughter ma'am..
What do you suggest?
If the school opens around 9, 9:30 or 10 am..
it'd be nice..
Of course, it's your decision.
Oh! Ok.
Tomorrow come sharp at 10'o clock,
I'll give her TC.
Then you can let her sleep how much
ever time you want.
Sharp 8:30 ma'am.
I'll drop Akhila at sharp 8:30am. From tomorrow
she'll never be late again.
I promise.
I'll see you again.
Bro, Akhila is coming out. Give her the letter.
Bro, give bro!!
Is it a leave letter?
No..love letter.
Is it for me?
Hey, why are you leaving without saying anything?
I have to show it to my dad, right?
No no..don't show it to your dad..please.
[laughing] Who's this boy?
-To prepare and write this is not a question paper-
-Dad, look at this-
-What happened? What's that?
-Nothing..I'm eating mixture...
-Why are you guys laughing?
-Mixture mixture...she said a joke..so..
Whatever...
-Bye dad. Will see you soon.
-Bye dear. Go to class.
Dad...
He's the one who gave me the letter.
-Oh my god! Bro, I'm going to class.
-Bye bro..
-How did you write your exam?
-Good sir..
You study 8th class right?
Tomorrow, if they give you 10th class question
paper in 8th class exam, can you answer it?
I can't...
In this age, love is also like 10th class
question paper.
You won't understand...you can't write. Now go...
-I won't do it again..Ok?
-Stop it...
Ok..what do you want to become in future?
I'll...study engineering..and go to America..
Will you leave me and go..?
Yeah...
I've got heart attack for a second..
You're brilliant dear...
Brilliant students like you should
prepare for IAS only.
IAS!? No no dad.
I'm not at all interested.
I'll..become an engineer.
-What is this Keshav?
-Mom..
You said in a year the company is getting shut down and
you are vacating the house..why did you bring us here then?
We still have a year mom.
But I like living here only.
Look at this breeze, environment and calmness..
you won't find this in city mom.
-You're right.
-Akhila..
You'll love this place. It's very peaceful here.
This is the right place for her studies.
It's very silent, right..
-Are children at home?
-Yeah Mom.
Come come..
Are you doing good aunty?
I'm fine dear.
Natya, take your bag..
-Daddy..
-What? Wait..
-Are you doing good? Sit..Natya, take your books.
-Come come come...are you studying well?
Sit...
-Aunty, do you want coffee or tea?
-Get me Coffee dear.
Coffee for you. For you dear?
I don't want anything aunty.
I'll get you milk.
Natya?
You remember my name?
Come come..
This is my room..yours too..
This is my bed..yours too..
This is my wardrobe..you can use it too..
-Natya!
-Yeah...
Natya! Sister is here to study for IAS.
You shouldn't disturb her.
You and Chinnu shouldn't increase TV volume..
Shouldn't make noise. Ok?
-Go..it's time for school.
-Bye dad.
Feel this like your home dear.
You won't have any trouble.
If you want something..ask me.
I'll arrange.
I know how important IAS is for you.
Tomorrow, I'll take you to institute.
Love is not a beauty that brings
your eyes together..
but it's a feeling that wins over your heart...
It's not easy to achieve for anyone..
but if you did it's a truth that never gets erased..
It's something that doesn't change..
It's not an illusion..
It doesn't have any fears..
It's not at all a burden..
Even if the world changes..
it's a character that never changes..
It crosses light & shadows...
and reaches you as a friend..
Even if you hate it, it'll love you back..
letting go of it's selfishness...
It'll forgive you for any mistake that you do..
It'll stand beside you forever..
It's a truth that's beyond your imagination..
It doesn't have any limits..
It never ends..
Love is not a beauty that brings
your eyes together..
but it's a feeling that wins over your heart...
What bro!?
-Have you slept well?
-Shut up..
[calls out] Your dad..
[calls out]
-Dad..
-Come here..
Sit..
Dad..night my friends forced me..so..
If they force, will you drink drainage water?
No way! Why would I drink drainage water dad?
Enough with this stupid friends and music stuff.
-From today onwards, you are coming to book store.
-Dad..!!
What will I do at the book store dad?
Please dad, I won't come to book store.
If you want I'll go to Bangalore and stay with uncle.
I'll look for a job over there.
Just wait for 2 months dad..please.
Get ready..you are coming to book store.
My life has changed...
Something is happening in me...
My mind is lost...
-Drive the car. Here's your carriage.
Something has happened to me...
Loser!!
My son..he is going to work here.
Is it only for today sir or..?
Not only for today..
...from today he is going to work with us here.
It seems we are opening a new branch in
Secunderabad. Are you going to look after it sir?
I'll ask you something, be frank
Do I look like a guy who sells books?
My dad is selling books not knowing
what else to do..
..and I'm daily bringing him lunch to make
my mom happy.
For this, will you label me as a book seller?
I have lot of plans for the future.
-Yeah that's for me...
-Here's the change...
One time, two times, three times, four times..
My life is screwed up..
Do you know our wifi password?
-Yes sir.
-Good, tell..
Father ordered me not to tell you sir..
can you please move sir?
Without Wifi, Without Facebook...
-Read this book..it'll help you in life.
..without Whatsapp, life is a waste...
There is no connection, there is no chatting,
there is no Face time...Life is a waste..
Life is..Life is..taken away from me..
My life has changed similar to books in library..
Lord Brahma wrote my fate when he was sleepy..
He's so jealous of me that
he jailed me in this library..
I was waiting for my name to appear in books..
But my life has become like
a waste paper in dust bin.
It's gone..It's gone..My life is completely changed..
What else is left in this world for me?
It's gone..It's gone..My life is completely changed
-Park the car and stay inside only. I'll be back.
-Come fast. Do I have another option?
What else is left in this world for me..?
-[calls out] Amar! Where are you going?
-Dad..?
Get in..let's go...get inside..
Please dad..I'll be back in a minute.
We have to open the book store? What's the urgency?
Do you need to pee?
-Dad, not that dad..
-Let's go
Mom...
I need to say you something.
We'll talk after the serial is over.
Mom!!
Is serial more important than your son?
Ok..tell
Actually...
I saw a girl today mom.
A girl..!?
Who's she?
When me and Dad are going to
book store in the morning...
..he had some work and we stopped at a place.
I saw a girl there..
I felt like I've found something that I lost mom..
Do you know where she lives?
Actually..I wanted to follow her mom..
..but dad came at the same time and
took me to book store.
No problem. Go to the same bus stop tomorrow..
you'll meet her for sure.
I have lot of work left to do..finish your food.
Shall I serve you dinner?
[calls out]
-Yeah dad..
-Deposit this cheque in bank account.
Yeah, ok dad
-Do you know in which account?
-Yeah..our account only..
[calls out]
This is our account's cheque..
..deposit it in JB publications account.
-Ok
-What ok?
Tomorrow's saturday..banks are open
until 1pm only...
You have to deposit the cheque before that time.
Don't irritate me repeating the same thing dad.
I said I'll deposit, right? You relax.
Let's see what you'll do..
Bro, why are you looking there
when I'm talking here...
Hey, Amar!
-Bro..?
-Hey, you said you have some work, right?
-Go take care of it first...
-Where are you looking bro?
-Bro, wait for a minute. I have some work with you..
-Please bro..
-I have to talk something with you bro. Stay..
-Bro, please let me go..
-Just stay bro...
-Please bro..
Just stay..we'll go out..
Yeah, cheque is deposited in the bank.
I sent my son in person.
It should've been credited.
You can check now.
Is it? Then..
Hey..you've deposited cheque
in the bank right?
Which cheque dad?
Bank was closed by the time I got there dad.
What time did you go?
I told you specifically that it's Saturday,
bank will close at 1pm.
Without common sense if you go lately,
why would they keep it open?
What do you think of yourself?
I'm talking here....
-Fill up that rack..
-Ok sir
Hey, answer the phone..phone..phone..
Useless phone..
Books? Sorry, this is not a book store.
Sorry, you've reached wrong number.
Thank you.
Hi ma'am.
What books do you need ma'am?
-Geography of India, Indian History for UPSC
-I'll get them immediately.
Where are those books?
What are you searching for?
Yeah dad..she said something about
Geography..History and stuff..
-Is it for Civils?
-Yeah dad..
-You don't know where they are right?
-No..
Over there.
When did he work in the first place, to know
where they are.. Look at how he's searching..
All the fiction books, shift them to
ground floor rack.
They are highly in demand. So..
..give preference to them and plan accordingly.
-I don't think they have it here.
-It's already too late, right?
Yeah..
Do you have this book?
- I think he got it..
-He's here
I'm very sorry ma'am. We just have this one.
You've asked for Geography book, right?
It'll be here by tomorrow morning 10am.
Ok ma'am?
If you come tomorrow morning, I'll give it to you.
Bhaskar!
-Sir?
-Come fast..
Yeah coming sir..
There's a discount on this book, just a minute.
He's Bhaskar. I'm the boss and he's my worker.
Bhaskar, they will come at 10am tomorrow morning.
-The book should be delivered to us by 9pm tonight. Ok?
-Ok sir
Offer is 10% ma'am. 200 rupees ma'am.
10% out of 285 brings it to 200?
-Yes ma'am
-Is this a special discount?
Yes, special discount ma'am.
-Ok ma'am
-One second..
If you give your name, phone number and details,
we will call you tomorrow-
[sarcastically] Do you also need her zodiac sign,
caste, religion and other stuff too?
This is just to remind you tomorrow morning..
Not necessary. We'll only come and take it.
Give the bill.
Here's the bill..
He's doing a lot of extras..
By the way, I think you are working way too hard..?
-It's not like that dad.
You only asked me to take care of some work
instead of sitting idle right dad?
That's why I'm selling our books..
Dad, if you can please..
What sir? Are you waiting for that girl?
What girl?
That girl sir...
..when she asked for two books yesterday,
you gave one and hid the other one right? That girl..
Oh, you saw that?
Yes sir.
It's my small plan to meet her again.
-But you missed out on a small detail sir.
-What's that?
Advance.
If you had taken 400 rupees advance,
they would've come today for sure sir.
Won't she come now?
There are many other stores in this area sir.
She might've bought at anyplace and left.
You should've given me this idea yesterday right?
You are the boss..I'm just a worker.
I thought it's not manners..
Dad, I need a day off tomorrow.
Why?
I have some work to do.
-What work do you have?
-Dad..just for tomorrow.
Ok..we'll see.
I'm serious dad. I can't come tomorrow.
-What is there to see in it?
-I'm serious too.
We'll see..we'll see.
Whatever. I'm not gonna come.
We'll see where you'll go without coming.
Dad, just 2 minutes. I'll be right back.
Please wait here.
-Hey, Where are you going?
-I'll be right back...wait dad.
Stop!
[calls out]
[calls out loudly]
Where are you going stopping car
in middle of the road.
[calls out] Come back..
In today's class, sir told he'll
continue this topic only..
-What is he doing here?
-What ma'am..?
You didn't show up to take the book.
I was waiting for you since then..
We asked for it..so?
Will no one else buy it if not for us?
Even if they want it, we won't sell it.
Work ethics.
Here, take the book ma'am.
After discount it's 860 rupees. You don't need
to pay right away.
We'll take care of it later.
He's doing a lot of over action.
Actually, you don't even need to pay ma'am.
You look like you are seriously preparing for IAS.
By the way, what is your name ma'am?
Fine..not necessary.
Will see you soon..
[shouting in joy] Sister is here!!
Come let's play sister! Please..
I am moving towards you like a stream..
leaving myself behind..for you..
I found out for the first time today..
that the coast I've dreamt of is you..
There's no doubt..time is in my favour..
Colors of happiness spreading in all my directions..
There's no doubt..the time is in my favour..
I've slipped like t he first rain drop
of the season..
I'll never leave your direction again
like a storm..
I'll change into a flash that doesn't stand
in front of you..
I'll come in every step of yours like a light,
My Queen..
Dad..
I want to do IAS.
Ok dad, I'll keep selling books.
Bro, she's coming. Shut up and be quiet.
Do you know that because of you...
my behavior has changed..
I've lost control of my heart because of you..
Like a miracle that's never heard of..
your speed has joined my heart
without any notice..
Your fragrance touches my every breath..
You are the relation that's going to
keep me alive from now on..
There's no doubt..the time is in my favour..
Happiness is spreading in all my directions..
I've slipped like
the first rain drop of the season..
I'll never leave your direction again like a storm..
Will Secunderabad bus come this way sir?
I'll change into a flash that doesn't
stand in front of you..
What's with this heat sir?
-I couldn't sleep yesterday night.
I'll come in every step of yours...
..like a light, My Queen..
Is the boss there yet?
I'm coming man, I'm at the bus stop.
Yeah..
My aunt stays here only sir.
They only called and asked me to come.
That's why I'm here.
Bro, you cut the call.
Do you know me sir?
No sir.
Should we come to office daily on time or what?
-Bus is on it's way. I'm waiting for that only what's the hurry?
-Bro
..what's wrong with my aunty's family?
-They are asking me to come daily..
-Bro, he's back again, wait on the line.
-He's done..
-Since childhood it's like this only.
They like me a lot.
That's why I come here daily.
My heart woke up this morning for you only..
-Bro, let's go to aunty's house bro.
-I have to take the bus sir.
-Show me your aunty's house bro.
-Go straight and take left..
-What straight and left? Show me.
..bus is leaving.
-Leave me..
-Stop bro..I'll also come to aunty's house..
Bro, what happened?
She slapped you good dude.
That's ok..it was her only right?
When everyone in the bus was scolding you..
..you could've told it was not you who touched, right?
Poor girl. Everyone would scold her if I had told that.
I don't like that.
Whatever happened is happened.
Did she at least say sorry?
She could have..but before that
this idiot brought me here.
Why bro?
Idiot! You are pushing this on me?
If I hadn't rescued you then,
they would have smashed you.
Does she at least know your name?
She might not..but I know where she lives...
Aren't you feeling ashamed for being
slapped by a girl?
-Dudes..Do you know what happened there?
-We know...
Hey be quiet buddy...
Do you know how bad she felt for slapping me..?
Eyes were about to tear up...
Your eyes?
Most of the love stories began with sorry only.
So according to this..
..she would spend the entire night
feeling sorry for slapping me..
and she may come tomorrow and say sorry..
How far our editing has been completed?
We felt a part of it was not good right?
-Will look into that after this..
-Ok, first-
Bloody hell..
Bro, how much longer? I'm getting irritated.
Poor girl..she might have cried all night for
slapping me and slept late.
-That's why she might be late..
-My foot..!
-Don't you feel this is too much?
-Why are you doing over action?
-Wait and watch. She'll come..
-You idiot!
Bus has left two hours ago.
Just wait and watch it seems..
That girl..
Do you think she went to Archies
to get me a sorry gift?
Get your hand off me...off..
-What happened bro?
-You have gone completely mad..I am leaving.
Hey Bujji, please buddy...
Ok..ok..
-Ok, let's go
-I'll not come, you go.
Bro? Ok..
We'll go once and take a look at her bro...
Take a look at her? Do you think they
arranged a match-making event for you?
-I can't take this..
-Fine fine... Ok Ok..
That's fine...Hey Bujji...
That girl..
Do you think she felt sad for slapping me..
..and stopped going to the institute?
-I realized one thing after watching you bro..
-What's that?
-Love will damage your brain..
-It's not like that dude..
-Get the hell out of here...
Give an idea to go to her house bro..
Yes grandma!
Bhakthi channel's not coming?
I am at Secunderabad, it will take a
lot of time for me to come there.
I'll come once I'm there.
Ok.
This old lady thinks she can call 60 times a day
and eat my brain if she pays bill once a month.
I'm getting a severe headache...
Hey, give me a tea..
-What do you think she is doing at home bro?
-How would I know..mind your business.
What are you doing here sir?
What are you doing here?
I handle all cable connections in
this area sir.
-Cable?
-Yes sir.
-Cable it seems bro..
-What are you thinking now!?
-Bro, is this necessary now?
-Keep quiet and come bro..
-Bro..I look fine, right?
-[sarcastically] Yeah..super handsome..
Who are you?
-We are cable guys...got phone..
-Yeah, go inside.
Aunty, cable guys are here?
Come..
Is there anyone at home?
-Bro..no bro. I am scared, please let me go...
-Wait bro..
-Bro, please bro.
-Excuse me..
-If they find out they will smash us bro.
-What..
Who is that...?
Cable repair grandma.
Where is that waste fellow?
-He is sick grandma..
-Obviously..
He will be fine when it comes to take payment..
How many ever times I call, he says all
cock and bull stories.
That is, he is really sick, so..
What? Why are you peeping inside
when I am talking to you?
-TV..I was looking for TV.
-TV is inside the house only.
The thing you need to repair is on the terrace. Go..
Why the hell am I carrying this cable and bag bro?
Come bro..
Mahesh, I am on the terrace. What should I do?
Search for the amplifier sir.
Yeah...found it.
Careful..!
-Bro, she is over there.
-Finish this work first.
I can't see her properly bro..
Grandma, is it working?
Let me take a look.
Yeah! It's working.
Thank god its working. We can leave now.
Shit! It's gone again...
What the hell are you doing bro?
Do you want to stay here all day?
First of all, does this old lady need a TV?
Grandma, is it working?
-Yeah...it's working.
-Wow.. We can leave now.
Shit... It's gone again.
Bro, I can't see her properly from here...
-So, will you go down now?
-Grandma..
..the problem is downstairs. Wait, I'm coming down.
-Yeah..make it quick.
-Unnecessarily I only gave the idea..
Bro, let's go down.
-Go outside and check..
Hello... What are you doing here?
That is..uhh..cable repair..
-It's my part-time job, ma'am.
-Enough!
It's not what you think ma'am..
I didn't feel much when you slapped me on that day, but..
you might want to say sorry, right..
Why should I say sorry?
-I think she is right bro..
-You shut up.
You slapped me unknowingly right..so..
It happened accidentally yesterday..
If you come to my house and disturb again..
-Next time..
-[calls out] Is the work completed?
-Yes grandma.
-Working on it grandma.
-Working on it grandma..
-I don't get it.
You say you are working, but
I couldn't see the picture.
Careful bro.
He fell down. What are you doing?
How can you push him like that and leave?
What!? At least say sorry.
-Are you satisfied?
-Ok.
You come dear..
-By the way..
-Yeah grandma..
-What did you say your name was?
-Amar grandma..
-Amar...!! Shall I go and see if the picture is coming?
-Yeah grandma..
Bro, enough of these atrocities bro..let's leave.
Haa... It's working.
-Thank god! It's working it seems.
-Ok grandma..
Bro, did she push me or did you pull the stool?
-Have you gone blind? She only pushed you.
-[irritated] Let's go..
Are you happy?
She pushed you intentionally and left
Bro... She is there...
Don't look that side.
We will leave Grandma..
-Ok go..
-Bye grandma.
-[calls out]
-Yes grandma..
I will call you if the picture doesn't come.
Write your number and go.
Ok grandma.
-Grandma!!
-Yeah..
I am writing under this switch board..
....if there is any need call me.
Ok? Right under this switch board.
Why are you shouting like I'm deaf?
I'm here only right?
-That's not for you grandma..
-What..?
-Nothing grandma..bro, you come.
-I mean he wrote the number..take a look and call him..
Don't forget to call grandma...phone..phone..
By the way, you said you will start a new branch...
What happened to that?
I thought about it..loan also got sanctioned
and the place is set too
..but who will look after it?
-What dear..How's that girl?
-I am busy at this store.
-Girl? What girl mom?
-He is still very irresponsible.
-Wow! What an acting bro!
-What should I say?
-That girl bro..
-Oh! That girl?
I'm trying mom...Let's see.
Chinni, answer the call.
You only answer.
[sternly] Answer the phone!!
After Google came into existence, I lost the reading habit..
[in phone] Hey idiot! TV is not working again.
[in phone] Chaganti's program is coming..
[in phone] If you don't come immediately and repair it..
[in phone]..I'll cut the cable connection.
-[in phone] What!?
-Hey idiot!
TV is not working at someone's place it seems.
You've not repaired it properly it seems, right?
-They are asking you to quit if you
don't know how to repair.
-He got caught
Hey! Give me the phone.
Yeah grandma..I'm coming.
I'll not at all come this time. You only go.
We'll just go once and come back bro.
Aren't you getting vexed with this?
If we come daily, they will think we are watchmen.
Please bro. We'll come back in 10minutes.
No way, I'll not come. That Granny will be there,
I'll be dead if she sees me.
Ok, do one thing.
You wait for half an hour. I'll go meet grandma,
set that girl and come back.
Bro..If you are even late by one second,
I'll leave with the bike.
-Thanks Bujji
-Why bro?
-How will you go now?
-Hey!! Keys?
-I'll come back bro.
-No, I'll not give.
-I'll come back bro..
-I'm sure you won't come. I'll not give.
Leave my hand.
-What happened grandma? You called..
-Finally..!
TV is not working again.
I'm missing out on Lord Rama's Swayamvar dear.
I think the problem is upstairs.
Shall I go take a look?
Go fix it fast.
Uhh..grandma called me ma'am..
..for cable repair..that's why I came..
Uh..excuse me..your name..?
Akhila dear!!
Akhila!
Why did you call me?
Aunty is calling you.
Akhila..
Is it working grandma?
Yes, it's working.
-Ok.
-Repair is done right? You can leave..go!
No grandma..signal is already weak.
If it gets disconnected again, you'll feel bad.
-I'll leave after the program is done.
-Ok sit.
Have you seen this anytime?
-What grandma?
-Have you seen his program anytime?
Yes grandma..
Look at how adoringly Lord Rama
is looking at Sita..
-Are you watching it?
-Yeah..yeah..
-Look how beautiful Goddess Sita is..
-Really grandma?
If you keep looking at them,
you'll be blessed for life..
Hey dear, believe in god from this age itself..
Hey, dear..
-Yeah grandma..
-If you watch this kind of programs,
you'll be blessed.
True grandma, we'll be blessed..
Bro, he left me at 3'o clock bro..
He said 30 minutes...
It's 6 and he didn't come yet..
Here, have some..
B-O-A-T..BOAT. Natya, remove pencil
from your mouth and write.
They have shown Sita's swayamwar
in Ramayana beautifully!!
When Sita looked at Rama for the first time,
then only she fixed that he is her husband.
How great-
-Power is gone..
-Yay! Power is gone..
-He'll always cut the power in a perfect moment.
-[children shouting]
-Shut up both of you. Aunty, I'll get a candle.
-No need to do homework..happy!
-Yeah get it..
-I only won..I only won..
-No, I only won
-Akhila..
..I'm getting candles.
Dear, Is the power gone only in our house
or in the whole colony?
We're vexed with this..
Akhila..
Will you read in candle light? It'll hurt your eyes.
I have an exam tomorrow grandma..
I have to prepare compulsorily..
-Dear..
-Yeah grandma..
You repair TV right..take a look if you
can fix the power issue also dear..
My granddaughter has an exam tomorrow
it seems..she has to study.
-Power only right, grandma?
-Yeah dear..
I'll be right back..
I know that we are not gonna sleep tonight.
-Hey Bujji..
-Yeah..
-Do one thing bro..
-What else do you want?
-Tell..
-Go back and sleep bro.
Bro, are we really going to stay here
the whole night!?
Looking at her...I wish this moment
would freeze forever...
I've asked my eyes..
-Bro, wake up..
to imprint your frame..
That girl bro. Shit! she saw me bro...
they've countered..by showing everything as you..
I've asked my heart..
-Hey, throw the ball..
Put it there...
to not let go of you..
I've realized then that my heart is not with me..
Let this moment freeze as it is..
-Who gave these? -Amar got them aunty..
My life is not enough...
if I keep looking at you...
-Hello grandma...Yeah, coming grandma..
Let me love you like this until my last breath..
Even if I die, I'll become your breath and
will stay until your end..
You are my happiness, you are my sorrow,
you are my light & shadow..
You are my past, you are my future,
you are my success & failure
Why is this guy staying here all the time?
Dad!
When you are tired, I'll become your refreshment..
I'll become a hand that calms your soul..
I'll pat your back and stand behind you as a support..
I'll braid your hair and scold you with proximity..
I'll become your mom..
Grandma...
Happy Birthday to my Akhila dear.
I know whose wishes will make you really happy.
Once you complete IAS this year...
everything will be alright then..
My darling..
Grandma, don't tell to anyone that it's my birthday.
I'll not. Go take a head bath...go.
Come..
Happy Birthday dear..
God bless you my dear...
Who sent this?
Akhila..
That's me..Akhila.
You sent flowers to yourself..
..and you're acting all innocent. Very interesting.
I did not order this.
I don't want these flowers.
Please take it ma'am. My manager will scold me again.
Please ma'am, I'll lose my job, my salary will get cut..
I'm just a salesperson ma'am. Please take it.
Give it..
Hey, go dude. You are always scared..
-Bro, go fast...Go!
-You don't understand..
She looks very beautiful dude.
-I know that already..keep quiet.
-You finally accepted the truth.
-Oh my god! I can't do it. I'm going bro..
Bro, why are you leaving in the last moment?
-Why is he coming back?
-What is he doing?
This fellow..!!
Where is it? I can't find it..
What's this?
For whom?
I did not order this.
Ma'am..
On the occasion of our Cake castle's anniversary..
..every year we send out birthday cakes
to 10 people from our lucky draw.
In this year's lucky draw, your name turned up.
I've never been to Cake castle.
You don't need to come..
..but someone you know could've put
your name and birthday in our Kinderbox.
Today is your birthday only right ma'am?
Please take it ma'am.
-She took it.
-Yes!! She took it bro.
Akhila, what's this?
Sister, cake!!
-Cake? I want it..
-Hey, wait..
-Who are these people?
-[Birthday song]
Akhila, is it your birthday?
Aunty, who are all these people?
Are they Akhila's friends?
They are singing good, right?
They've planned a very good surprise...
Why is Grandma calling?
Yeah tell Grandma..
This is Akhila..
Akhila!?
Akhila? Shh..shh..Ok..talk talk..
Yeah, Akhila?
-I have to meet you..
-Ok..
-Tomorrow morning, institute bus stand.
-Ok..actually-
Akhila is asking me to meet her tomorrow...
Thanks for calling me ma'am.
I've been waiting for this moment...
since a very long time.
Shall we go to some coffee shop and talk?
First listen to what I'm saying.
Don't disturb me in the name of love.
I asked you to come to convey this only.
Akhila, wait Akhila!
Akhila, please stop once. Listen to me..
Akhila, you are my life Akhila...
I hate you.
Leave me alone.
Akhila, I'll change as per your likes.
I'll do anything for you Akhila.
Whatever you do, I'll not like you.
Akhila, tell me one reason...
tell me one reason for not liking me..I
'll not show my face to you again in this life.
I don't need to explain it to you..
You can't tell Akhila.
My love is true, there is no selfishness in my love.
I can't understand what your problem is Akhila.
Akhila I don't have a future without you Akhila.
I'll wait forever for you Akhila.
Can't you understand if I tell you once?
I'll...never love you.
Not only you..I won't love anyone.
I don't have space for love in my life...
You can't live without love Akhila..
Not only you, no one can live without it.
Love is an emotion in everyone's life Akhila.
You should love someone too..
Yes..
Even I loved someone..
But that's not love...
As far as I'm concerned, Love means...
My dad..
Because..
Dad's smile...
Dad's tears...
Dad's sadness..
Dad's anger..
and even dad's hatred..
..is because of the love he has on me.
I am his happiness...
I am his breath...
I am his existence...
I am his world...
..and even I love him the same way.
I got a good rank in EAMCET.
Why are you rejecting such a good college?
Do you know how tough it is to get admission
in that college.
Mom! Four years away from you!?
Don't try to butter me...I know it's
because of your father.
-Parvathi...
-I can't change both of you.
-My Dad can't even live for a second
by sending me that far.
-Do whatever you guys want.
Even I can't live without him.
..he can't live without his daughter.
That's why, even though my mom doesn't like..
..I joined engineering in Kakinada.
What's your name?
That's where Sandeep saw me.
After few days, he proposed to me.
What?
I didn't know if I didn't like Sandeep or his love...
As usually I told this to my dad.
I don't know if my dad thinks that
nobody can love me like him...
or if he is afraid that he may loose me..
You are not right for Akhila,
neither Akhila for you..
Dad didn't like Sandeep.
But Sandeep didn't stop loving me.
He wandered around me like that for three years.
Whether it is out of pity that he was behind me for three years...
or infatuation...
or Love..I don't know..
Fathers are generally like this only.
They won't like if someone proposes
to their daughter.
They are very possessive.
Keep me aside..
You informed to your father about every
single guy who proposed to you, right?
Has your father accepted at least one guy?
See, the problem here is..
I love you more than your dad does..
And he doesn't like that. So, he doesn't like me?
I don't care about all that Sandeep...
If you love me..
..go convince my dad.
I will convince him..but first you get convinced.
Then not just your dad..I'll convince
the whole world.
At that moment..
I said yes to Sandeep..
They say Love is blind.
I don't know how an year passed by after
falling in Sandeep's love...
My happiness..
My likes..
All my dreams...
..have become Sandeep.
Exactly at that time..
-Aunty..
-My aunt's family..
Why are you late?
..brought a marriage proposal with their son.
-Uncle!!
Just like engineering final exam,
it was a final exam for my love.
Should I marry someone I don't like for my dad..
..or should I marry Sandeep as my heart says?
My dad rejected Sandeep's love..
Why would he agree for my marriage
with Sandeep then?
At that moment, dad called me..
-My aunt, her son and everyone is
waiting for me at home.
-How long will it take for you?
I'll soon be there dad.
Yeah, come fast dear.
Yeah..ok..
Everybody is at home..
If I go home now..they'll fix my marriage with Arjun.
I don't know what to do.
For the first time in my life..
without informing my dad..
far away from him..
Let's go & get married...
Where am I going?
-If we get married your dad can't do anything
-Why am I doing this?
..ignoring all these I left with Sandeep.
I was feeling really sad for leaving without
informing my father.
How can I leave my dad, who loves me a lot and
who can't even live a second without me?
What would happen to my dad once
he knows about this?
All these thoughts..
..didn't let me stay at that place at all.
I tried convincing Sandeep that we should marry
with my dad's approval..
If we don't get married tomorrow, it'd never happen.
-Your dad won't let it happen.
-He didn't agree with me.
I tried convincing him.
He didn't understand.
It led to an argument..
Your father is trying to blackmail
you emotionally.
I couldn't resist when he ill spoke about my father.
-Why are you worried about that old prick now?
-I slapped Sandeep in front of everybody.
He couldn't take it.
I know it's my mistake..
But he didn't even try to understand why I did it.
-Go to hell.
-That moment..
..Sandeep left me and went away.
Sandeep couldn't bear...that I slapped him.
At that time..
..he didn't understand my emotions or my anger.
Then I realized...
..if its so easy to break-up,
then it isn't love at all.
Thinking it's love..the terrible mistake that
I did leaving my dad behind..
..I'm aware of it.
Since childhood..
my dad brought me up giving a lot of freedom,
that I never had to lie.
Even then, accepting Sandeep's love
against my dad's wish,
not informing him about my love,
going with Sandeep leaving him behind..
-my dad couldn't bear all these things.
-He loved you more than his life...
How can you even think of cheating him..? How?
I can understand how much he is heart-broken
because of me.
I wasted 21 years of my life by showering
my love on you.
Dad...
-Now I don't even want to show my anger towards you.
-Dad..
-Dad... Please dad...
-You are nothing to me.
-Don't call me like that.
I don't have a daughter.
That's why I decided to live my for my dad.
But my mom wanted to get me married
and send me away.
Mom..
I don't want to get married.
I'll prepare for Civil services.
By achieving his dream of me
becoming an IAS officer...
I wish to win back my dad and his love.
Once I made a mistake, thinking that it was love.
By the time I realized that it was not love...
I lost everything.
Nobody can love me like my father.
That's why I don't believe in love.
Never...
Everyone's love is not the same.
Unlike what you think, my love is not fake
like Sandeep's.
After listening to your story...
I feel my love is nothing compared
to your father's.
The love your father has towards you...
and the pain he goes through by being
away from you all this long...
Your desire to get back to your dad..
and the suffering you are going through
by being away from him..
I can understand...
So...
I have decided not to disturb you anymore.
I already wasted a lot of your time.
I won't waste your time anymore...
You will never see me again.
Don't get upset bro..
Sometimes these kind of things happen in life...
and it'll make you cry..
What's wrong with you buddy?
Even though she revealed her past to you..
..how can you leave her just like that?
Does this mean...you left Akhila for good?
There is no such thing as quitting in love.
Once you start loving..
..you just keep on loving.
-So you didn't stop loving her yet?
-Nope..
I said I won't disturb her..
I didn't say I will stop loving her.
Why are you leaving so soon?
Are you done with the workout?
That girl is working damn hard to become
an IAS officer for her father
Can't I at least sell books for my dad?
I too have a dad..and I too have an emotion.
The paths that I've walked beside you
came to an end..
Even if I've moved aside, I stayed at the same place..
Your memories that are filled in me..
are my new friends..
Stay like this as a world in me..reminding me of you..
Even if you are not in front of me..
even if we got separated..
your place in my heart never vanishes..
It doesn't let you know..it doesn't melt inside..
the distance we've gone apart..is not a burden..
What happened to this cable guy?
He used to come as soon as I gave a call...
Now we don't even know what happened to him...
and he's not answering the calls too...
See you grandma...
Bhaskar, consignment should be delivered
by Monday at any cost.
I already sent them dad.
My heart should get used to every second
without you..
Let me teach myself that life should go on
like this..
Bujji, what happened to Amar?
He's not meeting us these days..
He's mostly staying at book store now-a-days..
I've grown inside like a directionless wave
in a stream..
I'm spending my time with you,
who is beside me but not in my reach..
This TV is not working again...
and that Amar is not answering calls.
Why do you need TV at this time mom? Let's go...
Can't you take leave just for today and
come to Srisailam with us?
Not possible grandma.
-There is a very important class at institute today.
-Ok.
Be careful.
What's this dear? Your body is so hot..
Have you got fever?
I will take tablets grandma.
I will be fine.
Looks like you've got fever.
What are you doing here?
Yesterday when you fell down unconscious...
I only brought and joined you here.
How..How did you bring me?
How means..?
I carried you and put in the auto..
then again I carried you to put you on the stretcher...
then the nurse moved you on to the bed.
You carried me!!?
Without my permission, How...how can you touch me?
I tried to take your permission ma'am...
I nudged you...but you didn't get up.
So I carried you.
You could have sprinkled water on me, right?
It wasn't necessary ma'am.
You were already soaked in rain.
You could have called my family members right?
I came there only after they called me..
It's true ma'am.
You didn't answer the phone at home...
and your neighbors didn't answer either...
So who is the idiot that's available all the time?
Me...That's why I'm here..
You did all this on purpose.
Me?...
Inducing fever in you or controlling the
temperature in sky or rain
I don't have the talent to manage these things yet.
Still if you don't like me bringing you here...
try to get back your fever again...
go sleep in the rain.
Here...it's your grandma.
Talk to her.
How are you feeling dear?
I am fine...
I don't get it why you don't keep
your phone with you.
Yesterday we called you all day and since you
didn't answer we were scared and called Amar.
Poor guy! He even came amidst heavy rain.
You never listen to me.
Don't be scared, we are on our way.
Speak to your uncle.
I am fine uncle.
-Ok, be careful..
-Ok..
Take tablet dear.
How do you feel now?
Grandma.. I'll go to institute from tomorrow.
-It has already been three days.
-No dear...
Doctor advised you to take rest for 10 days right?
Take rest.
-Only three months are left for exams grandma..
-Listen to me dear.
You are my sweet heart right? Study from here only...
Who's going to suffer if you get sick...Tell?
It's not that grandma...
-Are you fine grandma?
-What fine dear?
Here..she keeps talking about classes only..help her.
-Did you bring notes..?
-Yes
-Did they teach Geography in class today?
-Yes.
-What's this?
-Laptop
Dongle..
Dongle?
Thanks to this, my burden of bringing notes
to you daily will be solved..
and your problem of not attending classes
will also be solved.
Here..keep this phone with you.
No grandma.
Keep it dear. You are not feeling well right?
If this is with you, I won't be worried.
Take it dear...
Are you completely recovered?
-I should thank you only.
-For what?
For talking to Shekhar sir and convincing him
for online classes..
I didn't speak to him...
Then who spoke to him?
He asked me not to tell you about this.
How is Amar related to this?
When you were sick...
Amar only spoke to Shekar sir and
convinced him for online classes.
Why did you take his laptop without informing me?
Immediately...
Return this laptop to him...
He is a good guy.
Say thanks to him once..
-Hey Bujji...
-Yeah..
These girls..
never trust those who truly love them.
They only trust those who cheat them
in the name of love.
Yeah..right bro.
All girls are like that only.
Even Akhila is the same, right?
She lost her dad for falling in love once bro.
She thinks it'd happen again if she falls in love..
Logical, right? That's why she doesn't wanna love again...
She loved some jerk but..
rejected you, who truly loves her.
Akhila is not like all girls bro.
She's different
Even after her father said that she's dead to him...
..she came this far for him and his dream.
She isn't even sleeping well at night or
eating food on time.
Look at how hard she is working bro...
I promised her that I won't disturb her.
Otherwise..
Even if the world changes..
I can't even stay for a day without seeing her.
it's a character that never changes..
It crosses light & shadows...
and reaches you as a friend..
Even if you hate it, it'll love you back..
letting go of it's selfishness...
-Whenever I think of her...
It'll forgive you for whatever mistakes you do..
..my heart tears apart bro.
standing beside you forever..
I'm just pretending to be happy bro..
It's a truth that's beyond your imagination..
but the suffering I am going through inside..
no one knows.
It doesn't have any limits..there's no end to it..
Sometimes I feel like..
..death is better than this.
Ok. Our stop has come..let's get down.
I spoke a lot unnecessarily..do you think she heard it?
Rest of these..?
Sir..where should these be delivered..?
-Send them to Vishwa IAS Institute.
-Ok sir
Dad! Viswa IAS!?
Yeah..Do you know it..?
He seems to knows about it take him along with you.
-Ok, let's go sir.
-Dad...!
Just go along with him.
-Hey Bhaskar..
-Sir..
That girl studies at this institute only.
Now if she spots me here...
..she won't believe even if this
institute is my dad's.
Why sir?
I promised her that I won't go behind her and
disturb her anymore.
You are getting scared unnecessarily sir.
If she studies in this institute,
shouldn't we come here?
Nothing will happen.
In case if she spots you, just call me and
I will talk to her.
-Make it quick Bhaskar.
-You stay here only sir..
Let's leave..
-Akhila
-Yeah grandma..
Here..this seems good.
-Is that Amar?...Amar
-Why did grandma come here?
-Bro, stay in line...
-[calls out] Amar-u...
-I'll call you again
-What are you doing here?
-Shall we go?
-Mom...
Mom...she is grandma..
-Namaste
-Her grand daughter, Akhila.
I called you so many of times,
why don't you answer your phone?
-That grandma..
-Have you stopped working as a cable operator?
Cable operator?
Not just a cable operator, he does electric work,
brings water cans, vegetables for everyone...
Especially he helps so much in our house...
Don't know what happened recently,
he stopped coming.
My son is like that only. Since childhood
he is very workaholic.
-Mom...let's leave
-Wait..
You're right only..He is truly a workaholic.
Once when my grand daughter was feeling sick,
we weren't home.
When we got scared and called him...
He immediately went, joined her in hospital
and stayed with her all night.
If you get to know him once..you just can't leave him.
You'll love him a lot.
-Mom let's leave now..
-Wait dear..
Let's leave..
-By the way, where are you from aunty?
-Kakinada.
Kakinada! Even we are from Kakinada.
Jagannadha Puram councilor...is my uncle.
That councilor!? He is our distant relative also.
-Is it!?
-We got close so quick...
We have become relatives, right dear?
-Right dear?
-Mom please mom..let's go.
Amar..You should bring your mom to our house once.
-For sure grandma..
-We will definitely come.
You also should come to our house tomorrow.
We have Satyanarayana Vratam at our house tomorrow.
-Mom...
-Come along with Akhila aunty...
-You should definitely come.
-We will...
You bring them..ok? Akhila, come dear...
Come on Akhila, let's go.
-Akhila...you should definitely come.
-Mom...why are you inviting her to home?
-Why do you do like this mom?
-What happened now?
What bro? Are you worried that she won't come?
Not that she won't come bro...
I am worried that she would.
You should have seen the over action my mom did
yesterday in front of her..
I am scared how much she reacts if Akhila comes now.
By the way, Where is Bujji?
This fellow is scared that the girl is gonna come..
..that fellow is scared that granny is gonna come.
So he didn't come.
She should not at all come today bro..
-I don't know what's gonna happen..
-Bro, she is here!
-Hey, yeah bro..
-Hey lucky boy...enjoy
You are over bro.
I'll be back guys..
-Please come in.
-House looks good..here keep this inside.
-Hi aunty..how are you?
-Madhu..
-I have seen her somewhere..?
-She is Akhila.
-Namaste uncle
-She is our...
-You remember Shekhar uncle..?
-Yes..
-She is a relative to them.
-So she is our distant relative.
What distant relative? She is a
close relative to us.
Come with me Akhila, I will show you our house.
-Grandma, give this in prayer room please.
-Who is this girl?
-Hey, come here.
-She is our relative.
-Come here...
-I'll come wait dad.
-I said come here..
-Dad..?
I think I have seen her at our bookstore..
-Not possible dad. I will be back.
-[calls out]
I am sure I saw her then...
I wonder what she is doing here now..
-It's nothing dad..wait for 2mins, I'll be back.
-Hey come here..
-Priest couldn't find our home..
-Dad can't you send someone else..?
I will look after her..you go bring him home.
Why are you feeling shy? This is our house only.
Come..
Sit here..
Sit..
This is Amar's room.
Don't feel uncomfortable at all.
When Pooja is about to start I will call,
then you can come.
Shall I switch on the AC?
I will be back.
I've loved you so much that...
for your happiness, I sacrificed my love...
I've lost you..but..
not the love that I have on you...
My love is...'Immortal and Universal...'
Hi Sister!
I should not call you sister right?
Ok..leave that aside. Let's go out first..come..
You were sitting alone in the room. right?
So I thought we can have a chat in the balcony.
Mom said it may take a while..
Can I ask you a question?
Do you...like my brother a lot?
Or...
Does he like you a lot?
My brother only likes you a lot.
You are very lucky.
Hey Chinni.
What are you doing here? Mom is calling you..go.
Actually..I'm not at all involved in
inviting you to this pooja ma'am.
Coming to the institute then..
..joining you in the hospital when grandma called..
even my mom inviting you..
all these happened without my involvement.
If you can bear these few hours,
I will try my best not to enter into your life again.
In case..if my mom..
or Chinni gave you trouble..
Please forgive...
I am really sorry ma'am.
I think the pooja has begun..
it would be nice if you can sit there.
Please come..
Why aren't you answering my calls since morning?
Is it?
What happened?
Akhila phone...
Akhila!
Your dad called you..
Mom might have called from dad's phone.
Not your dad..?
Dad doesn't know my number.
Okay..bye.
Amar...
Did you just call me with my name?
Actually..I don't have any class.
Can you take me to coffee?
A promising musical note..
A devoted blessing..
You've touched me..
Like a flutter in my heart..
You've just started..
Love has opened doors for me..
2mins..I will be right back..okay?
Guys..
-She is here.
-Akhila!?
Don't do any over action.
-We don't have any relationship between us. Please.
-Ok..
-She is waiting outside..I will bring her in.
-Ok ok...
Coffee tastes good here...I'll get it?
Are you my dream...or
Are you a truth that my eyes have found..
Are you my heart beat..
Are you a miracle that I've never experienced..
Are you my story..
Are you the childishness that won my heart..
Are you a binding pulse..
Are you a struggle without my permission..
You are a sweet play that deviates my path..
You are a temptation that changes my behavior..
This new relation that follows me like my shadow..
You've shown me my destination..
My heart is filled with Love..
This strange feeling is Love..
This world is full of Love..
Only Love..
A promising musical note..
A devoted blessing..
You've touched me..
Like a flutter in the heart..
You've just started..
Love has taken it's shape..
You are the answer to my question of 'Who I am'..
The life inside me stands as the proof..
When my new life has asked for it's purpose.
This world has shown you to me..
What's up?
Don't you have any class?
Today..it's a holiday.
Are you free?
Actually, I have some work. But it's fine..go ahead.
I want to go out.
If you are free..
Shall we go?
Out?
Okay, where do you want to go?
Is that okay?
Ok. I will come. Bye.
You are a temptation that changes my behavior..
This new relation that follows me like my shadow..
You've shown me my destination..
Are you my dream..or
Are you a truth that my eyes have found..
Are you my heart beat..
Are you a miracle that I've never experienced..
Aunty, I kept your clothes in your room.
Nothing aunty..
You look beautiful.
Since you came, I've always seen you with books
and never in front of mirror?
This dress suits you well.
Dear...drink milk.
Why are you crying dear?
-Nothing...
-Did you remember your dad?
Nothing grandma.
Grandma?
What are you doing here grandma?
Akhila was crying all night.
Has anything happened with her dad again...?
Then what's the problem grandma?
You only...
Me..?
What have I done grandma?
You loved her.
You loved her so much that
she couldn't resist loving you back.
That was long back grandma..
when I didn't know about Akhila's past.
After I knew, I kept all my feelings
and love aside grandma.
She is not able to put aside dear.
I don't understand what you are saying grandma.
If she gets close to you...
she'll loose her dad permanently.
If she looses her dad, she can't be happy.
Akhila loves her dad a lot grandma.
She would never loose her dad because of me.
There might have been a little disturbance
because of me but..
She would never forget her target grandma.
You don't worry grandma.
Akhila will definitely pass IAS.
There won't be any disturbance because of me grandma.
What happened?
You never turned up yesterday..
It's fine..you might've been studying and forgot.
I thought of telling you an exciting news,
If you had made it.
What happened? You are not even
reacting to the exciting part?
I got a job in Bangalore
I am leaving tomorrow.
What do you mean?
You thought I could never get a job or what?
No...It's not that. Why Bangalore?
You can find a job in Hyderabad, right?
Getting a job itself is a big thing for me..
on top of it choice of location?
Stop joking..
Should you leave tomorrow itself?
Yeah, I must...
It's better to leave as soon as possible, right?
Tell grandma..
-that I got a job..
-Grandma?
She would feel very happy if she knows that
I got a job and settling in life.
Didn't your mother say anything when
you said you're leaving?
My mom? I told her..
actually...
She is super excited.
Ok bye, I can't travel with you anymore.
My stop has come. I need to get down.
You should study well, become an IAS officer..
and come in Newspaper. Bye then..
-Dad, I want to go to Bangalore.
-Why Bangalore?
I will stay with Uncle in Bangalore and
get a software job.
You have your own business and
why do you need a job?
For how long..should I keep selling books dad?
What are you talking?
If you don't have respect on my work...
You don't have respect on me also right?
Then why do you need my permission?
Leave.
Even if my step is fumbled..
-What is this all of a sudden?
I need to go mom.
Even if it misses its pair and lands someplace...
Love doesn't let go of you in my heart..
Even if the truth is marred..
Even if my world is changed to darkness..
-Dad...
Love never loses it's sanctity..
-I'm leaving dad...
If you are not with me...will I stop loving you?
Love means..loving forever...
As you are flying towards your destination...
Give it to me aunty. Akhila!
Every moment my heart...
-Are you doing good mom?
..wishes for your success
For the dream you wish to achieve, I drifted
apart from you...leaving my soul alone...
Seeing you flying in the sky,
I've stopped myself on the land..
Being a sacrifice, as a witness for your love...
If you are not with me...will I stop loving you?
Love means..loving forever...
Forget about the past...listen to me
Talk to her...
Mom, I will listen to whatever you say..
..but please excuse me in this issue.
What happened dear?
Why are you crying?
-Tell me..
-What happened dear?
Tell us what happened dear...
I've passed...IAS mom...
I know that you will do it dear...
My sweet heart...
Your hard work has paid off...
Your daughter has passed IAS...
She's going to become collector...
Dear, Akhila got a good rank in IAS exam..
What are you doing?
She passed the exam and is going to become an
IAS officer..why aren't you saying anything?
Can't you say something?
I am hungry, serve me food.
Akhila got a good rank...
[sternly] I am hungry, serve me food.
-Akhila dear..
-Don't cry..
You know about your dad, right?
You are my darling right?
It's ok dear. Don't feel bad...
-Grandma...
-Amar...
How are you grandma?
I'm fine dear, how are you?
I'm fine grandma. Akhila passed IAS right grandma?
Is Akhila happy?
Is her dad speaking to her?
No dear..
He hasn't changed..
..and he won't.
Hey Arun Prasad!
When are you giving party for us?
For what?
What do you mean for what sir? Your daughter is
an IAS officer now right?
You don't need to work anymore sir.
Wherever your daughter gets posted..
just go settle with her.
What else do you need sir? You have become
father of an IAS officer.
If Akhila gets posted here, please
help me with my transfer sir.
I have been trying since five years.
Here..
I decided to get her married.
Marriage?...With whom?
Arjun..
After what happened, if we ask them again,
it may not be nice..
I already spoke to my sister.
Is it enough if you and your sister decide?
Won't you ask her opinion?
She worked hard a lot and passed IAS for you.
She is your daughter!
I don't want her to be my daughter anymore..
that's why I fixed this marriage.
I'm tired of everyone around me
reminding me that she is my daughter.
So I've decided to get her married
and send her away.
That's it..
It's not because she is my daughter
or my responsibility...
Stop speaking rubbish!!
Through divorce, wife and husband
may get separated..
..but blood relation never gets separated.
Do whatever rubbish you all want to do...
but I won't agree to this marriage at all
until she approves.
I like this marriage dad.
Mom..
..don't get involved in this issue anymore.
Sister...
..we thought 16th is a good day right?
I am thinking about planning the
engagement on that day.
What do you say?
Okay then..bye.
I'm telling the truth..
..even if you agree to this marriage, I won't.
I will talk to Lakshmi and Arjun and stop this marriage.
If dad likes it..then I like it too grandma
Is this an IAS exam to write if your dad likes it?
This is marriage!! Your life.
I already made him suffer once..by rejecting
the proposal he brought.
Have you lost your mind?
Have you thought about what would happen to your
life and future if you accept this marriage?
If dad thinks that...my marriage is with Arjun...
then that's my future.
Then what about Amar?
I know everything dear.
For asking him not to disturb you ...
and not to let you loose your dad's love..
For asking him once...
He sacrificed his love and went away.
I got a job in Banglore..I am leaving tomorrow.
Bye then, I can't travel with you anymore..
Leaving someone who loved you so much..
why do you love your dad so much who wants to
get rid off you by getting you married to someone?
Tell me the truth..
Didn't you love Amar?
I didn't want to...love him grandma.
Amar..
..loved me so much that I couldn't
resist loving him back.
Amar...taught me how to love.
He also taught how to let go off love...
Even if there's no one in my life..
I want dad to be there...
This marriage..
..should happen according to dad's wish grandma.
Promise me you won't say this to anybody grandma..please..
Dad...
unknowingly...
I did a big mistake in my life dad.
Before I realized the mistake I did...
I lost you dad.
From that moment...
I have been constantly trying to
make it up to you dad.
All these days...
I only felt sad...for staying away from you.
But now..
I am scared that I could never...make it up to you.
I'm not able to bear this dad.
I'm neither saying this to make you agree that
I didn't do any mistake nor...
to convince you to forgive me
for the mistake I did.
If you ask me 'why I went away?'...
I don't have any answer dad...
But the reason I came back..
..is you dad
your love...
For your happiness..
I'd do anything.
Dad...
I want to say something to you...
I am sorry dad..I am sorry for everything.
-Are you the one waiting for me?
-Yes sir.
I've never seen you in this college...
Which group do you belong to?
I am not a student sir...
I am Akhila's friend sir.
Just friend sir.
-I'm getting late for my class.
-You still have three minutes for your class sir..
Akhila told me about you and
your relationship with her.
She told how much you like her and
how much she loves you sir.
Compared to your love..
I felt every other love is weak sir.
For that love only sir, she wanted to
become an IAS officer.
Everybody thought she worked hard for IAS...
but actually...she wrote exam...
to win back your love sir.
She worked hard and wrote the exams but...
...she lost in winning your love sir.
I don't care why you are saying all this to me..
You hated Akhila not because she
went away with someone...
but because she went without saying to you.
Should she say everything to you sir?
Please think once sir...
'Why did she leave at all?'
'and for whom she came back?'
You should've asked this once sir.
First of all, how did so much love
turn into hate sir.
Since she backed you, he left Akhila...
and since she went away with him,
you pushed her away sir.
Then what's the difference between
you and him sir?
He couldn't understand what Akhila did in rage...
and you couldn't forgive her for what
she did out of innocence.
Love means..
loving their weaknesses too...
and forgiving their mistakes also sir.
You still have one minute for the class,
right sir?
They say..there won't be any selfishness
in true love sir.
True love bears sir..
True love tolerates sir..
True love forgives sir..
I've read this somewhere sir..
Your love has everything sir..
..why leave out that forgiveness alone sir?
I think it's time for your class sir.
Thank you sir. Good bye.
Good morning brother.
Hi Keshava...when did you come?
Morning..Gowthami express.
-Are kids doing good?
-Yeah..
You woke up a bit late I think..
Brother..
I am very very happy.
Arjun likes Akhila a lot since childhood.
But brother, Arjun lives in Australia..
and Akhila will get a posting here, right?
-So..
-Excuse me..
You would've already thought of everything.
Yeah, coming..
Take a bath brother..
-Catering people are here..take a look.
-Ok..
-Has Arjun and family started?
-Yeah..
-How much time will they take?
-Maximum half an hour.
Yeah... that's true.
Arun... next week is auspicous it seems.
We will get them married.
There is still three months time for
Akhila's training right?
After marriage, Arjun wants to take Akhila
to Australia along with him.
What do you say..?
-What do you guys say?
-That's why he's getting her married..
-Hey, is that ok?
-Yeah, ok dad
-Then start doing the visa-work.
-Yeah sure..
Put this saree on and come quickly...
Why are you sitting here? Everybody is waiting
for us..come quickly.
-Hello ma'am...How are you?
-I'm fine. How are you?
-I'm fine.
-Where is your husband?
He's inside. Please go..
Now you are father of an IAS officer.
It was once your dream to become an
IAS officer, right?
When our children fulfill our dreams,
we will be much more happier.
By the way, Why are you so dull?
I get it..
For your daughter to sleep ten minutes more...
you changed school timings itself..
I mean you have tried..
Do you remember?
Whenever I remember that, I laugh a lot.
And now, you are getting her
married and sending her away?
I thought you would bring an in-house
son-in-law. Really..
A royal salute to the IAS Officer.
Great dear...
I've seen sadness in your father's eyes..
for sending you away.
Don't know how he's gonna survive from tomorrow.
Even you can't live happily by staying away
from your father right?
Why are you so dull?
Don't you like the groom?
I will definitely come to your wedding. Ok?
Dear...
What happened dear?
Mom said..after I grow up, you will get
me married and send me away..
Are you crying for that dear? Silly girl..
Mom was just kidding...
Will I send you away?
No chance at all..
I won't even get you married..
Even if I did, I will ask that guy only
to come here and stay with us.
Ok?
Promise dear...
Come fast...
Dad...
Dad..
I've made a mistake dear..
I thought of punishing you, but I punished my self dear.
I want to get her married and send her away, that's it.
It's not because she is my daughter or my responsibility.
Loving means...
to love their flaws and weaknesses too.
Loving means..
forgiving. Loving means...
loving forever...
That love was dead to me..
and changed into anger and hate in me.
That's not love dear..
It's poison...
-Dad..
-About this..
he won't even be half my age..
until he said this to me I haven't realized dear.
I started thinking from that moment.
When I thought about it..
you left dear..
For choosing him over me..
I pushed you away...
Since you didn't leave your father..
..he left you.
What's the difference between his love
and my love dear?
There is a flaw in my love dear.
My love is filled with selfishness.
Ego..
That's why I couldn't forgive you dear.
But you are not like that, your love is
not like that.
You even loved my hatred and my anger too dear.
You taught me also how to love dear.
Sorry dear...
Sorry..
I've made you cry enough all these days..
Stop dear...
I am asking you now, tell dear..
You agreed to this marriage for me only right?
I...like this marriage dad.
Akhila!
Shut your mouth!
-Mom?
-She doesn't like this marriage...
You said a guy who is less than half your age
told you about love right, Amar..
She loves him...
'Loving means...
loving forever', he didn't just say this to you..
he did it and showed it to us.
Just because I asked him not to separate
father and daughter's love..
he left his love and went away.
For eloping once and hurting you..
even though she doesn't like it, she accepted for
this marriage not to loose you again.
Your love and my love is nothing...
when compared to theirs.
That's true love.
Dear?
-Sit..sit..sit please
-What are you doing here sir?
You saved me from making...a very big mistake.
It's very easy to forgive the mistakes
of people we hate sir...
but it's very hard to forgive the mistakes
of people we love sir.
I can understand sir.
Mom told me everything.
I wanted to get Akhila married to someone
who loves her as much as me...
but I found someone who loves her more than me.
Speak with Akhila...
Amaram..Akhilam..Prema
Forgive me sister.
I have troubled you a lot.
I can't give my daughter to you...
Please forgive me sisiter.
What is this brother?
She's my niece..
if she gets married to my son or not..she is my niece.
If she is happy only right?...we all can be happy.
Thanks a lot for understanding sister.
Thanks a lot.
-Akhila serve these to everyone..
-Hey Amar
-You also eat dear
-You also eat...
Kids should eat first right?
-[Ladies discussion about Laddoos]
-[Amar teaching Arun Prasad guitar]
What dear?
When I asked what kind of a boy he is..
-you said he is a good one.
-Yes..he's a good boy only...
About that...
Shouldn't good boys love...or get married?
-Hello, dear...
-How much longer?
All of us should look very good....
-This photo is going to stay with us for life long...
-Grandma, if you keep quiet, I'll take the photo...